Added signature validation section to install scripts docs (#36841)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-install-script.md

There is no uninstall script. For information about manually uninstalling .NET, see [How to remove the .NET Runtime and SDK](../install/remove-runtime-sdk-versions.md#scripted-or-manual).

## Signature validation of dotnet-install.sh

Signature validation is an important security measure that helps ensure the authenticity and integrity of a script. By verifying the signature of a script, you can be sure that it has not been tampered with and that it comes from a trusted source.

Here is a step-by-step guide on how to verify the authenticity of the `dotnet-install.sh` script using GPG:

> 1. **Install GPG**: GPG (GNU Privacy Guard) is a free and open-source tool for encrypting and signing data. You can install it on your system using your package manager. For example, on Ubuntu or Debian, you can use the command `sudo apt-get install gnupg`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Install GPG**: GPG (GNU Privacy Guard) is a free and open-source tool for encrypting and signing data. You can install it by following the [instructions on the GPG website](https://gnupg.org/download/).
```

> 2. **Import our public key**: Download [public key](https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.asc) file, and you can then import it into your GPG keyring by running the command `gpg --import dotnet-install.asc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Import our public key**: Download the install-scripts [public key](https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.asc) file, and then import it into your GPG keyring by running the command `gpg --import dotnet-install.asc`.
```

3. **Download the signature file**: The signature file for our bash script is available at `https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sig`. You can download it using a tool like `wget` or `curl`.
4. **Verify the signature**: To verify the signature of our bash script, run the command `gpg --verify dotnet-install.sig dotnet-install.sh`. This will check the signature of the `dotnet-install.sh` file against the signature in the `dotnet-install.sig` file.
5. **Check the result**: If the signature is valid, you will see a message containing `Good signature from "Microsoft DevUXTeamPrague <devuxteamprague@microsoft.com>"`. This means that the script has not been tampered with and can be trusted.

> 

Reviewer: We should have an example terminal run-through here - using each command and showing the output.

Author: I added examples, but I copied just output from `gpg`. Adding output from `apt install` and `wget` would be too verbose IMO.

1. **Install GPG**: GPG (GNU Privacy Guard) is a free and open-source tool for encrypting and signing data. You can install it by following the [instructions on the GPG website](https://gnupg.org/download/).
2. **Import our public key**: Download the install-scripts [public key](https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.asc) file, and then import it into your GPG keyring by running the command `gpg --import dotnet-install.asc`.
3. **Download the signature file**: The signature file for our bash script is available at `https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sig`. You can download it using a tool like `wget` or `curl`.
4. **Verify the signature**: To verify the signature of our bash script, run the command `gpg --verify dotnet-install.sig dotnet-install.sh`. This will check the signature of the `dotnet-install.sh` file against the signature in the `dotnet-install.sig` file.
5. **Check the result**: If the signature is valid, you will see a message containing `Good signature from "Microsoft DevUXTeamPrague <devuxteamprague@microsoft.com>"`. This means that the script has not been tampered with and can be trusted.

### Preparing environment

> Installing GPG and importing public key is one time operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing GPG and importing our public key is a one time operation.
```

```bash
sudo apt install gpg
wget https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.asc
gpg --import dotnet-install.asc
```

> Example of successful key import output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When successful, you should see output like the following:
```

```
gpg: directory '/home/<user>/.gnupg' created
gpg: keybox '/home/<user>/.gnupg/pubring.kbx' created
gpg: /home/<user>/.gnupg/trustdb.gpg: trustdb created
gpg: key B9CF1A51FC7D3ACF: public key "Microsoft DevUXTeamPrague <devuxteamprague@microsoft.com>" imported
gpg: Total number processed: 1
gpg:               imported: 1
```

### Download and verification

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

With the key imported, you can now download the script and the signature, then verify the script matches the signature:
```

```bash
wget https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sh
wget https://dot.net/v1/dotnet-install.sig
gpg --verify dotnet-install.sig dotnet-install.sh
```

> Example of successful verification output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When successful, you should see output like the following:
```

```
gpg: Signature made <datetime>
gpg:                using RSA key B9CF1A51FC7D3ACF
gpg: Good signature from "Microsoft DevUXTeamPrague <devuxteamprague@microsoft.com>" [unknown]
gpg: WARNING: This key is not certified with a trusted signature!
gpg:          There is no indication that the signature belongs to the owner.
Primary key fingerprint: 2B93 0AB1 228D 11D5 D7F6  B6AC B9CF 1A51 FC7D 3ACF
```

> The warning means that you don't trust the public key in the keyring, but the script is still verified. Status code returned by the verification command should be `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The warning means that you don't trust the public key in the keyring, but the script is still verified. The exit code returned by the verification command should be `0`, indicating success.
```
